Title: G'day from Sydney

August 20th, 2023

Greetings from Down Under! Sydney has been a blast so far. The city has a laid-back vibe that's totally infectious.

Today, we took a ferry ride across Sydney Harbour. The view of the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge from the water is something I'll never forget. The Opera House looks like giant sails billowing in the wind. I took about a million pictures.

We decided to climb the Sydney Harbour Bridge! It was a bit scary at first (it's really high up!), but our guide was great and made us feel safe. From the top, the 360-degree views were spectacular. The city skyline, the sparkling water, the distant mountains—it was all so beautiful.

For lunch, we headed to The Rocks, one of the oldest parts of Sydney. The cobblestone streets and historic buildings are so charming. We ate at a café that had the best meat pies. I also tried a Tim Tam chocolate biscuit—I'm definitely bringing some of those home.

In the afternoon, we visited the Taronga Zoo. I got to see koalas and kangaroos up close! The koalas were mostly sleeping in trees, looking like fluffy balls of fur. The kangaroos were more active; one even let me pet it gently. We also saw a platypus—they're smaller than I thought but so cute!

We spent the evening at Bondi Beach. The sand is so white and the water so blue. There were surfers catching waves, and it looked like so much fun. Maybe one day I'll learn how to surf. We walked along the coastal path, watching the sunset paint the sky with pinks and oranges.

Dinner was fish and chips wrapped in paper, eaten while sitting on the beach. Simple but perfect. The sound of the waves and the salty sea air made it unforgettable.

As night fell, we headed back to the city and stopped by an outdoor market. There was live music, and I bought a boomerang painted with Aboriginal art as a souvenir.

Sydney has such a friendly atmosphere. People here are so welcoming, and there's a sense of adventure everywhere. I feel like there's still so much to see and do!

